hello YouTube my name is Nick and today
you are watching the second episode of
my gun of the day series this time I am
using the FAMAS with a red dot sight and
my secondary is the pp-2000 with the red
dot sight if you're not aware in like
another day series I choose a gun I'm
starting with assault rifles and going
through in the order you unlock them and
I give you guys some information and
some tips on how to use this gun I
usually start off with the stats so
that's what I'll do with this Hamas has
a maximum damage of 40 and a minimum
damage of rookie meaning that if you if
you're using stopping power and you hit
the full burst all three bullets of your
three bullet burst you will kill
somebody at any range in one burst if
your close range it only takes two
bullets so you really shouldn't ever be
getting more than one hit marker with
this gun if you're really long range you
can occasionally get two hit markers but
um yeah it's a very effective gun the
perks I'm using on this are sleight of
hand um I would recommend sleight of
hand on this gun always since it's a
three verse gun you tend not to waste a
whole lot of ammo and yeah so you can
aim quickly reload quickly it's very
effective like that just secondary as
you can see is the pp-2000 the red dot
since this gun is semi-automatic
it's a little lacking in close range
combat so I would recommend you put on
something like the pp-2000 since it's a
very good close-range weapon automatic
five powers and it's a good weapon to
use if you happen to run out of ammo
with your FAMAS well it doesn't happen
hold on but if you get the really high
streaks like I do this game you can run
out of ammo
yeah so my killstreaks setup this game
is better a Harrier in chopper gunner
and I'm actually playing team deathmatch
which is something you don't see me do
too often I'm not a big fan of team
deathmatch I've stayed before I don't
like the spawns in here I don't like the
kill limit I don't like that time limit
I don't know but I've been trying out
lately and I've been having some fun
with it so I hope you enjoy this game I
think this is probably my best team
deathmatch game I've ever gotten I'm
gonna go ahead and spoil the score it's
a forty seven in two and I actually get
my highest kill streak I beat my my old
kill streak by one this game so yeah
this is a pretty fun game to me as you
can see I'm using my ppq thousand as a
primary and it's a it's definitely
better than most smg's I'd say the FAMAS
since it has such a high power you can
use it with without stopping power and
works fairly well it's a good cold-blood
class if the enemy is just you know
you can pull out the cold-blooded FAMAS
using it with hard lines okay I like
using stopping power most of my guns
just because I like getting that a
advantage we don't like being outgunned
and yeah so you see me climb is this
that a box back there and then go on my
chopper gunner and I really do some
damage they have stingers but I'm
killing them before they can shoot me
down this is a really high
I killed chopper gunner here anyways
when to use the FAMAS wastelands one of
the maps I like using the FAMAS because
it's large it has open areas you don't
want to get close with the FAMAS you're
usually going to lose if you hit them
you can you can kill them close range
but ATAR or an aka is usually going to
be better at a close range Hamas but
it's very effective long range you saw
me take out some snipers it cost me so
it's good on maps like wasteland Afghan
is a good map to use it I like using it
sometimes on terminal because you have
those long hallways what else I don't
know just any any map you feel like you
have long distance you want to have a
good cover with it and yeah
to use the gun you don't want to be
spraying a whole lot with it you've got
you just got to aim at the person and
shoot what you have to do to get the one
versatil is if they are moving once you
pull the trigger you have to leave your
gun as they are moving otherwise the
first one or two bullets is going to hit
them and they're gonna move out of the
way of the second and third bullets and
you're not gonna be getting that one
burst kill so if you want to get a one
burst kill with the FAMAS you have to
make sure - you have to make sure to
move your gun as you or as your target
is moving otherwise you're going to be
getting a lot of hit markers which is a
fun with the moss that's one of the
reasons I don't use it too often as I'm
I'm not the greatest with it because I
don't use it - it often boat
not the greatest with it so I get a lot
of hit markers when using it but if you
if your host or you're really really
good at aiming it's definitely a good
gun to use you see it a lot in game
battles a lot of people use the FAMAS
their Slayers defense usually it's a
good defensive weapon but yeah I think
the best game battles guns is the ACR
that's it's my favorite trihard gun I
don't use it a whole lot because it's
trihard gun but yeah as you see there
the guy who killed me is also using a
famas so he seems to know he seems to
know what to do on this map and how to
use the FAMAS as well if you couldn't
tell there I was 44 and oh so that was a
44 kill streak my previous highest kill
streak was 43 so yeah I just beat my
kill streak by one kill I saw the guy
who killed me and I jumped out of the
way but I was using a UMP and there
wasn't a really good chance of me being
able to hit him across came out could be
you and people but yeah I did you fairly
well with the UMP longer he if you fire
it really slowly it's a little kill them
like instantly which is just kind of
unfair I'll go over the UMP later and I
use it so yeah
the game is coming to an end here my
final score was 47 Killzone 2 deaths
pretty good team deathmatch if you guys
liked this video please give it a thumbs
up leave a comment telling me what you
think of the FAMAS and subscribe if
you'd like to see more see you guys
later bye